Docs doc structure step 1 (#11922)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/Documentation/deployment_guide_introduction.md

> # Introduction to OpenVINO Deployment {#openvino_docs_deployment_guide_introduction}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Introduction to OpenVINO™ Deployment {#openvino_docs_deployment_guide_introduction}
```

> Once you have a model that meets your, as well as OpenVINO's requirements, you can chose among several ways of deploying it with your application: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have a model that meets both OpenVINO and your requirements, you can choose among several ways of deploying it with your application: 
```

* [Run inference and develop your app with OpenVINO™ Runtime](../OV_Runtime_UG/openvino_intro.md).
* [Deploy your application locally](../OV_Runtime_UG/deployment/deployment_intro.md).

> * [Deploy your model online, with the OpenVINO Model Server](@ref ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Deploy your model online with the OpenVINO Model Server](@ref ovms_what_is_openvino_model_server).
```
